Thank you everyone for
this.
Thank you.
Let me first give you a
report on our
memberships.
As of the second quarter
of this year, we had
1,268,572
members.
That is a net gain of
more than 10,000 members
from 2023.
By the end of 2024,
we project that we will
have more than 20,000
net gains in membership.
By then we will fully
rebound membership wise
from the impacts of the
pandemic and the outcome
of membership
addings done in 2022.
The green line on this
line indicates
membership at the
beginning of the year,
while the orange line
indicates membership at
the end of the line.
The more significant the
gap between the
beginning and ending
point, the higher the
increase each year in
our memberships.
On average, we have
had about 20,000 net
gains over the past 10
years, except for the
period of the pandemic.
Last year we had 30,620
baptisms and about
14,000 baptism for
the first half of this
year and we praise God
for every soul baptized.
And we are projecting
that by the end of 2024,
we'll probably have more
than 30,000 baptism
at the minimum.
And it is my prayer,
it is my sincere prayer
that we may have more
than 40,000 baptism
at the end of 2025.
Am I aiming too low?
I don't think so. 15,000
yes, yes.
I think that God is
going to do a lot of
miracles among us
through the
Pentecost 2025.
By the end of 2023,
we had more professions of
faiths than any previous
year going back to 2014,
probably is the residual
effect of the pandemic.
Let me briefly talk
about the transfers in
and out.
This group of peoples
moved their membership
into our division or to
another divisions in
2023.
More than 32,000 people
transferred in, while
about 30,000 members
transferred out.
Quite a number of people
are coming in and then
transferring out, which
is a net gain of 2,000.
Our church is a
worldwide church and our
membership system
works quite well with
the other sister
divisions.
They have their own
membership database
system and we have our
own and it works
perfectly fine between
ours, between us and
our sister divisions.
The history of mission
offerings in the 7th Day
Adventist Church is
rooted in the
denomination's
commitment to spreading
the gospel worldwide.
Historically, the North
American division has
been the largest
contributor to the
Adventist Church's
global mission work.
However, as other world
divisions have grown in
membership and financial
capacity, funding global
missions has become more
evenly distributed.
Nonetheless, the NAD
remains a key financial
supporter
of the churches
worldwide mission work.
The 7th Day Adventist
Church systematically
collects tithes and
offerings, with a
portion of these funds
allocated for mission
work.
In 2001, the NAD's
tithe contribution was
$685,051,305, which
represented 61% of the
world total.
In the NAD's tithe
contribution was
$1,322,728,890.00,
which represented 42% of
the world total.
In 2023, tithe per
capita in the NAD was in
U.S.
dollars 1,052, whereas
the tithe per capita for
the other divisions
combined was in U.S.
dollars $145
Please note amounts from
world divisions
fluctuate with the
relative strength of the
various giving
currencies versus the US
dollar.
The General Conference
uses tithe in many ways
to advance the mission
of the Church.
A partial list includes
mission awareness and
promotion,
communication,
education, various
niche ministries,
coordination,
consultation, and
leadership activities
for the world Church
through systematic ties
and offerings, special
initiatives, and
partnerships with the
General Conference.
The North American
division continues to
play a critical role.
And ensuring that
resources are available
to spread the Adventist
message worldwide.
This is our story.
For the 2024 study,
we were only asking
about ethnicity, so
we opted to use
SurveyMonkey rather than
phone interviews, and
we were able to invite
every single
congregation in North
America.
Little over 2,100
responded.
And they provided data
for all but a few non
attending members.
This shows the
percentage of
congregations in each
union that participated
in the survey.
And you can see there's
a very even spread.
This shows the
percentage of ethnicity
of congregation that
participated in the
survey.
And again, very even
spread.
The green shows the
number of members in the
congregations that
participated in.
The yellow shows the
number of members that
they reported
In the survey and again
we see a very even
spread there.
I think it's safe to say
that it's true is the
Pew Research's statement
was in 2015, it's even
truer today